I am always amazed when I hear people saying that sport creates goodwill between the nations, and that if only the common peoples of the world could meet one another at football or cricket, they would have no inclination to meet on the battlefield. ->> 当我听人们说体育运动可创造国家之间的友谊，还说各国民众若在足球场或板球场上交锋，就不愿在战场上相见的时候，我总是惊愕不已。

Even if one didn't know from concrete examples (the 1936 Olympic Games, for instance) that international sporting contests lead to orgies of hatred, one could deduce it from general principles. ->> 一个人即使不能从具体的事例（例如1936年的奥林匹克运动会）了解到国际运动比赛会导致疯狂的仇恨，也可以从常理中推断出这一结论。

Nearly all the sports practised nowadays are competitive. ->> 现在开展的体育运动几乎都是竞争性的。

You play to win, and the game has little meaning unless you do your utmost to win. ->> 如果不拼命去赢，比赛就没有什么意义了。

On the village green, where you pick up sides and no feeling of local patriotism is involved, it is possible to play simply for the fun and exercise: but as soon as the question of prestige arises, as soon as you feel that you and some larger unit will be disgraced if you lose, the most savage combative instincts are aroused. ->> 在乡间的草坪上，当你随意组成两个队，并且不涉及任何地方情绪时，才可能是单纯为了娱乐和锻炼而进行比赛。可是一旦涉及到荣誉问题，一旦你想到你和某一团体会因为你输而丢脸时，最野蛮的争斗天性便会被激发起来。

Anyone who has played even in a school football match knows this. ->> 即使仅仅是参加过学校足球赛的人也会有这种体会。

At the international level, sport is frankly mimic warfare. ->> 在国际比赛中，体育简直是一场模拟战争。

But the significant thing is not the behaviour of the players but the attitude of the spectators: and, behind the spectators, of the nations who work themselves into furies over these absurd contests, and seriously believe -- at any rate for short periods -- that running, jumping and kicking a ball are tests of national virtue. ->> 但是，要紧的还不是运动员的行为，而是观众的态度，以及观众身后各个国家的态度。面对这些荒唐的比赛，参赛的各个国家会如痴如狂，甚至煞有介事地相信 -- 至少在短期内如此 -- 跑跑、跳跳、踢踢球是对一个民族品德的检验。


goodwill /ˈgʊdˈwɪl/ n. 友好  
The company's success is largely due to the goodwill it has earned in the community.  
He offered his goodwill to help resolve the conflict peacefully.  

cricket /ˈkrɪkɪt/ n. 板球  
Cricket matches can often last for several days, showcasing the players' endurance.  
He grew up watching cricket every weekend with his family in the backyard.  

inclination /ˌɪnkləˈneɪʃən/ n. 意愿  
Her inclination towards painting was evident from a young age.  
Although he had no inclination to join the debate team, he ended up enjoying it.  

contest /ˈkɑntɛst/ n. 比赛  
The contest for the best essay had over 100 participants from different schools.  
Winning the contest meant a lot to him as it validated his hard work and dedication.  

orgy /ˈɔrʤi/ n. 无节制的，放荡  
The documentary exposed the financial orgy that led to the corporate scandal.  
She threw an orgy of celebrations after winning the award, inviting everyone she knew.  

deduce /dɪˈdus/ v. 推断  
From the evidence presented, the detective could deduce the sequence of events.  
You can often deduce someone's mood from their body language and tone of voice.  

competitive /kəmˈpɛtɪtɪv/ adj. 竞争性的  
The job market has become increasingly competitive in recent years.  
His competitive nature drives him to excel in every challenge he faces.  

patriotism /ˈpeɪtriəˌtɪzəm/ n. 地方观念，爱国主义  
The parade was a vibrant display of patriotism and national pride.  
Her speech on patriotism resonated deeply with the audience.  

disgrace /dɪsˈgreɪs/ v. 使丢脸  
The politician's scandalous actions disgraced his entire family.  
She felt disgraced after being publicly reprimanded for her mistake.  

savage /ˈsævɪʤ/ adj. 野性的  
The mountains offered a savage beauty that was both captivating and intimidating.  
She faced the savage winds of the storm with courage and determination.  

combative /ˌkɑmˈbæˌtɪv/ adj. 好斗的  
His combative attitude often led to unnecessary arguments in the workplace.  
The lawyer's combative style was both feared and respected by his peers.  

mimic /ˈmɪmɪk/ warfare 模拟战争  
The military exercise was designed to mimic warfare conditions for training purposes.  
In the film, the scenes of mimic warfare were critically acclaimed for their realism.  

behaviour /bɪˈheɪvjər/ n. 行动，举止  
Her calm behaviour in stressful situations is truly admirable.  
Parents often worry about their children's behaviour in social settings.  

absurd /əbˈsərd/ adj. 荒唐的  
The concept seemed absurd at first, but it gradually gained acceptance.  
He found it absurd that the store was selling winter coats in the middle of summer.