No two sorts of birds practise quite the same sort of flight; the varieties are infinite; but two classes may be roughly seen. ->> 鸟的飞行方式千差万别，但大体上可分为两类。
Any shi that crosses the Pacific is accompanied for many days by the smaller albatross, Which may keep company with the vessel for an hour without visible or more than occasional movement of wing. ->> 任何一艘横渡太平洋的轮船都会有一种小信天翁伴随飞行许多天。它们随船飞行一小时也难得见其扇动一下翅膀。
The currents of air that the walls of the ship direct upwards, as well as in the line of its course, are enough to give the great bird with its immense wings sufficient sustenance and progress. ->> 沿船体的上升气流和沿航线的气流给这种巨翼大鸟以足够的浮力和推力。
The albatross is the king of the gliders, the class of fliers which harness the air to their purpose, but must yield to its opposition. ->> 信天翁是滑翔飞行的鸟类之王，它能自如地驾驭空气，但必须顺应气流。
In the contrary school, the duck is supreme. ->> 与滑翔鸟相对的另一类鸟中，野鸭本领最高。
It comes nearer to the engines with which man has 'conquered' the air, as he boasts. ->> 它更近似于人类自夸的“征服”了空气的发动机。
Duck, and like them the pigeons, are endowed with such-like muscles, that are a good part of the weight of the bird, and these will ply the short wings with such irresistible power that they can bore for long distances through an opposing gale before exhaustion follows. ->> 野鸭及其相似的鸽子有天赋的肌肉，占了体重的很大一部分。这些肌肉能以巨大的力量扇动短小的翅膀，使这类鸟能顶着大风飞行很远才会感到疲劳。
Their humbler followers, such as partridges, have a like power of strong propulsion, but soon tire. ->> 次于野鸭和鸽子的鸟，如鹧鸪，有相似的强大推动力，但很快会疲劳。
You may pick them up in utter exhaustion, if wind over the sea has driven them to a long journey. ->> 如果海风驱使它们飞行很长距离，你可以捡到一些因筋疲力尽而摔下来的鹧鸪。
The swallow shares the virtues of both schools in highest measure. ->> 燕子充分兼有这两类鸟的长处。
It tires not, nor does it boast of its power; but belongs to the air, travelling it may be six thousand miles to and from its northern nesting home, feeding its flown young as it flies, and slipping through we no longer take omens from their flight on this side and that; and even the most superstitious villagers no longer take off their hats to the magpie and wish it good-morning. ->> 它既不疲劳，也不炫耀自己的飞翔力；在空中十分自如，可以往返6,000英里飞往北方做窝的老家；一边飞一边喂养会飞的雏燕。我们不再从它们的飞行中解读征兆，甚至最迷信的村民也不再向喜鹊脱帽，并向它早安。


The albatross plays a vital role in the ecosystem by controlling fish populations.  
It is said that sighting an albatross during a sea voyage brings good luck.  

Finding sustenance in such an inhospitable environment required ingenuity.  
In times of scarcity, people rely on creative methods to obtain sustenance.  

The glider soared gracefully against the clear blue sky.  
He piloted the glider with precision, enjoying the peaceful silence of the flight.  

Researchers hope to harness solar energy more efficiently in their new project.  
She tried to harness her creativity to solve the complex problem at work.  

The generous donor endowed the university with a scholarship fund.  
Artists are often endowed with a unique perspective on the world.  

They ply visitors with snacks and refreshments throughout the tour.  
The vendor continued to ply their trade despite the busy street.  

The unexpected gale forced the crew to seek shelter in a nearby harbor.  
Sailing during a gale tests even the most experienced sailors' skills.  

The call of the partridge could be heard echoing across the fields.  
Partridges are often found nesting in the underbrush of rural meadows.  

The like features of the two paintings confused the art critics.  
His demeanor was unexpectedly like that of his father.  

The jet engine's propulsion system has been newly upgraded.  
Underwater propulsion technology has advanced significantly in recent years.  

The utter darkness of the cave made it impossible to see anything.  
He sat in utter silence, contemplating the news he had just received.  

The car began to slip on the icy road, causing the driver to panic.  
During the game, she managed to slip past the defenders and score a goal.  

Adverse weather conditions made the hike much more challenging.  
She remained hopeful despite the adverse consequences she faced.  

The sudden appearance of the comet was considered an omen by ancient stargazers.  
Breaking a mirror is often thought to be an omen of seven years of bad luck.