From the seventeenth-century empire of Sweden, the story of a galleon that sank at the start of her maiden voyage in 1628 must be one of the strangest tales of the sea. ->> 从17世纪瑞典帝国开始，关于一艘1628年在处女航开始时即沉没的大帆船的故事无疑是航海史上最离奇的事件之一。

For nearly three and a half centuries she lay at the bottom of Stockholm harbour until her discovery in 1956. ->> 这艘大船在斯德哥尔摩港口的海底躺了将近三个半世纪，直到1956年才被发现。

This was the Vasa, royal flagship of the great imperial fleet. ->> 这就是“瓦萨”号，帝国大舰队的皇家旗舰。

King Gustavus Adolphus, 'The Northern Hurricane', then at the height of his military success in the Thirty Years' War, had dictated her measurements and armament. ->> 当时号称“北方飓风”的国王古斯塔夫·阿道夫正处在“三十年战争”的军事鼎盛阶段，他亲自规定了这艘船的规模和武器配备。

Triple gun-decks mounted sixty-four bronze cannon. ->> 三层火炮甲板上装着六十四门青铜加农炮。

She was intended to play a leading role in the growing might of Sweden. ->> 她本打算在不断增长的瑞典势力中起主导作用。

As she was prepared for her maiden voyage on August 10, 1628, Stockholm was in a ferment. ->> 1628年8月10日，“瓦萨”号准备首航时，斯德哥尔摩一片欢腾。

From the Skeppsbron and surrounding islands the people watched this thing of beauty begin to spread her sails and catch the wind. ->> 人们从斯开波斯布朗和周围的岛屿观望着这艘美丽的战船扬帆起航，乘风前进。

They had laboured for three years to produce this floating work of art; she was more richly carved and ornamented than any previous ship. ->> 瑞典人辛辛苦苦干了三年才建成这件水上艺术品，它比以往任何船只雕刻得更加精美，装饰得更加华丽。

The high stern castle was a riot of carved gods, demons, knights, kings, warriors, mermaids, cherubs; and zoomorphic animal shapes ablaze with red and gold and blue, symbols of courage, power, and cruelty, were portrayed to stir the imaginations of the superstitious sailors of the day. ->> 高耸的船楼上雕刻着令人眼花缭乱的神仙、妖魔、骑士、国王、武士、美人鱼和小天使，还有用红色、金黄色、蓝色绘制的光彩夺目的兽形图案，象征着勇敢、力量和残暴，以激起当时崇尚迷信的水手们的想像。

Then the cannons of the anchored warships thundered a salute to which the Vasa fired in reply. ->> 此时，停泊在港口的其他战船向“瓦萨”号鸣炮致礼，“瓦萨”号也鸣炮回礼。

As she emerged from her drifting cloud of gun smoke with the water churned to foam beneath her bow, her flags colour, she presented a more majestic spectacle than Stockholmers had ever seen before. ->> 当“瓦萨”号从弥漫的礼炮烟云中出现时，船头下的浪花激溅，舰旗迎风招展，展现的壮观景象是斯德哥尔摩人从未见过的。

All gun-ports were open and the muzzles peeped wickedly from them. ->> 船上的炮门都开着，炮口阴险地向外窥视着。

As the wind freshened there came a sudden squall and the ship made a strange movement, listing to port. ->> 当风力增强时，突然刮来一阵大风，“瓦萨”号奇怪地摇晃了一下，向左舷倾斜。

The Ordnance Officer ordered all the port cannon to be heaved to starboard to counteract the list, but the steepening angle of the decks increased. ->> 炮长命令把左舷上所有大炮搬到右舷上来以抵消船的倾斜，但甲板的倾斜度却在增加。

Then the sound of rumbling thunder reached the watchers on the shore, as cargo, ballast, ammunition and 400 people went sliding and crashing down to the port side of the steeply listing ship. ->> 当货物、压舱物、弹药和400个人轰然滑向陡斜的左舷时，岸上的观众听到了雷鸣般的轰响。

The lower gun-ports were now below water and the inrush sealed the ship's fate. ->> 下层炮门已经没在水下，涌进船舱的水给“瓦萨”号带来了难以逃脱的厄运。

In that first glorious hour, the mighty Vasa, which was intended to rule the Baltic, sank with all flags flying—in the harbour of her birth. ->> 就这样，原本想要统治波罗的海的强大战舰“瓦萨”号，在它壮丽的初航时刻，带着全船飘扬的彩旗，沉没在了它诞生的港口。


The galleon plays an important role in maritime history.  
People often envision a galleon when imagining classic naval battles.  

The Stockholm Ballet is renowned for its captivating performances.  
Visiting Stockholm in winter is like stepping into a snowy fairytale.  

The flagship store is the largest in the entire region.  
Consumers eagerly anticipate the launch of the new flagship smartphone.  

The imperial architecture of the palace is breathtaking.  
The imperial crown jewels were on display for the public.  

The hurricane caused extensive damage along the coastline.  
After the hurricane, the community came together to rebuild.  

The armament collection at the museum is extensive and well-preserved.  
Advancements in armament technology have changed modern warfare.  

The hotel offers a unique triple-decker suite for guests.  
The restaurant's signature dish features a triple layer of flavors.  

They decided to mount the telescope on the rooftop for stargazing.  
The gallery plans to mount an exhibition of modern art next month.  

Bronze sculptures are often seen in public parks around the city.  
The athlete's bronze medal win was celebrated by her hometown.  

The cannon was a crucial element in naval warfare during the 18th century.  
Despite the advancements in technology, the historical cannon remained an iconic artifact.