A young man sees a sunset and, unable to understand or to express the emotion that it rouses in him, concludes that it must be the gateway to a world that lies beyond. ->> 一个年轻人看到日落，由于无法理解和表达日落在他心中唤起的激情，便得出结论：日落处想必是通往遥远世界的大门。

It is difficult for any of us in moments of intense aesthetic experience to resist the suggestion that we are catching a glimpse of a light that shines down to us from a different realm of existence, different and, because the experience is intensely moving, in some way higher. ->> 无论是谁，在强烈感受到美的时刻，心中都不禁油生一种遐想：我们似乎瞥见从另一个世界射向我们的一线光芒，那个世界不仅不同于我们这个世界，而且由于美感的强烈感染，在某些方面更高尚。

And, though the gleams blind and dazzle, yet do they convey a hint of beauty and serenity greater than we have known or imagined. ->> 虽然这光芒令人眼花缭乱，但它确实给予我们一种不曾经历和无法想象的更高的美感和静谧的启示。

Greater too than we can describe; for language, which was invented to convey the meanings of this world, cannot readily be fitted to the uses of another. ->> 这种美感和静谧是我们无法描述的，因为我们发明的语言是用来描述这个世界的含义，无法轻易用于另一个世界。

That all great art has this power of suggesting a world beyond is undeniable. ->> 不可否认，一切伟大的艺术都具有使人遐想到进入天外世界的魅力。

In some moods, Nature shares it. ->> 在某种状态下，大自然也有这种魅力。

There is no sky in June so blue that it does not point forward to a bluer, no sunset so beautiful that it does not waken the vision of a greater beauty, a vision which passes before it is fully glimpsed, and in passing leaves an indefinable longing and regret. ->> 六月蔚蓝的天空总使人遥想一个更加蔚蓝的苍穹；美丽的落日总会引起一个更为绚丽的景象未及饱览便一闪即逝，并在消逝中给人留下不可名状的渴望和惆怅。

But, if this world is not merely a bad joke, life a vulgar flare amid the cool radiance of the stars, and existence an empty laugh braying across the mysteries; if these intimations of a something behind and beyond are not evil humour born of indigestion, or whimsies sent by the devil to mock and madden us, if, in a word, beauty means something, yet we must not seek to interpret the meaning. ->> 如果这个世界不只是一个拙劣的恶作剧，如果人生不只是群星寒光中平凡的一闪，如果存在不只是对神秘事物的一种空虚的笑声，如果某种玄妙事物的暗示不是消化不良引起的邪恶情绪，也不是魔鬼为了捉弄我们，使我们发狂而送给我们的邪念，一句话，如果美有某种意义的话，我们千万不要去阐明它的意义。

If we glimpse the unutterable, it is unwise to try to utter it, nor should we seek to invest with significance that which we cannot grasp. ->> 如果我们瞥见了只可意会不可言传的事物，企图把它说出来，那是不明智的；对于我们不理解的事物，我们也不应该去赋予它某种意义。

Beauty in terms of our human meanings is meaningless. ->> 用对我们人类有意义的词来解释美是没有意义的。


intense /ˌɪnˈtɛns/ adj. 强烈的  
The intense heat of the midday sun made the desert trek challenging.  
Her intense gaze seemed to pierce right through me.  

aesthetic /ɛsˈθɛtɪk/ adj. 审美的  
The new art gallery is famed for its modern aesthetic exhibits.  
She has an aesthetic appreciation for minimalist design.  

realm /rɛlm/ n. 世界  
In the realm of literature, classics have always held a special place.  
The scientist made groundbreaking discoveries in the realm of physics.  

serenity /sərˈɛnəti/ n. 静谧  
The serenity of the mountain lake offered a perfect escape from city life.  
She found serenity in meditation after a hectic day.  

undeniable /ˌəndɪˈnaɪəbəl/ adj. 不可否认的  
His undeniable talent earned him a place in the prestigious orchestra.  
There is undeniable truth in the old adage about hard work paying off.  

indefinable /ˌɪndɪˈfaɪnəbəl/ adj. 模糊不清的  
The indefinable quality of the perfume made it unique and captivating.  
There's an indefinable excitement in the air before the concert begins.  

vulgar /ˈvəlgər/ adj. 平庸的  
His humor was often labeled as vulgar by his more conservative colleagues.  
The movie was criticized for its vulgar language and lack of depth.  

radiance /ˈreɪˌdiəns/ n. 发光  
The radiance of the setting sun bathed the landscape in warm hues.  
Her face had a radiance that seemed to brighten the entire room.  

intimation /ˌɪntɪˈmeɪʃən/ n. 暗示  
His intimation of future changes left the team feeling uncertain.  
The manager's intimation was subtle, yet everyone understood the message.  

unutterable /ˌənˈʌtərəbl/ adj. 不可言传的  
She experienced an unutterable joy at the birth of her first child.  
The beauty of the view from the summit was simply unutterable.  

invest /ˌɪnˈvɛst/ v. 赋予  
She decided to invest her time into learning new skills for career growth.  
The author invested his characters with a depth that resonated with readers.