If a nation is essentially disunited, it is left to the government to hold it together. ->> 如果一个国家实际上处于分裂状态，使之联合起来就是政府的事了。
This increases the expense of government, and reduces correspondingly the amount of economic resources that could be used for developing the country. ->> 这增加了政府的开支，从而相应地减少了可用于国家发展的经济资源。
And it should not be forgotten how small those resources are in a poor and backward country. ->> 不应忘记，在一个贫穷落后的国家里，那部分资源是很有限的。
Where the cost of government is high, resources for development are correspondingly low. ->> 凡是政府费用高的地方，用于发展的资源就会相应地减少。
This may be illustrated by comparing the position of a nation with that of a private business enterprise. ->> 将国家的状况与私人企业的状况进行比较，可以说明这个问题。
An enterprise has to incur certain costs and expenses in order to stay in business. ->> 一个企业为了继续经营，必须承担一定的费用和开支。
For our purposes, we are concerned only with one kind of cost -- the cost of managing and administering the business. ->> 就我们的目的而言，我们只关心一种费用——企业的行政管理费用。
Such administrative overheads in a business are analogous to the cost of government in a nation. ->> 企业的行政管理开支类似于一个国家的政府管理费用。
The administrative overheads of a business are low to the extent that everyone working in the business can be trusted to behave in a way that best promotes the interests of the firm. ->> 如果企业里的每个人都能被信任，以促进公司利益的方式行事，行政管理费用就会降低。
If they can each be trusted to take such responsibilities and to exercise such initiative as falls within their sphere, then administrative overheads will be low. ->> 如果每个人都能被信赖，能在各自的工作范围内尽责并发挥主动性，行政管理费用就会降低。
It will be low because it will be necessary to have only one man looking after each job. ->> 降低的原因在于每项工作只需要一个人负责。
But if this is not the case, then the business will require armies of administrators, checkers, and foremen and administrative overheads will rise correspondingly. ->> 但是，如果情况并非如此，企业就需要大批的管理人员、检查人员和监督人员，管理费用将会相应增加。
As administrative overheads rise, so the earnings of the business after meeting the expense of administration, will fall; and the business will have less money to distribute as dividends or invest directly in its future progress and development. ->> 随着管理费用的增加，扣除管理费用后的企业收入将下降；因此，用于分红或直接用于未来发展和投资的资金将减少。
It is precisely the same with a nation. ->> 一个国家的情况也是如此。
To the extent that the people can be relied upon to behave in a loyal and responsible manner, the government does not require armies of police and civil servants to keep them in order. ->> 如果人民能够忠诚负责，行为规范，政府就不需要大批警察和文职人员来维持秩序。
But if a nation is disunited, the government cannot be sure that the actions of the people will be in the interests of the nation; and it will have to watch, check, and control the people accordingly. ->> 但是，如果一个国家处于分裂状态，政府无法确信人民的行动对国家有利，就必须相应地监督、检查和控制人民。
A disunited nation therefore has to incur unduly high costs of government. ->> 因此，一个分裂的国家不得不承担过高的政府费用。


The disunited nature of the team led to constant disagreements.  
Political disagreements left the country feeling disunited.

As the workload increased, her stress correspondingly grew.  
With the rising costs, their savings had to be managed correspondingly.

The backward policies hindered the town's development.  
Educational reforms aim to support backward communities.

By accepting the job, she agreed to incur certain risks.  
His decision not to follow the guidelines could incur penalties.

The manager will administer the distribution of resources.  
Efforts to administer the new policy were met with resistance.

The administrative procedures were revised for efficiency.  
Her role involves handling complex administrative tasks.

The plot of the movie was analogous to a classic fairy tale.  
These two historical events are considered analogous by many scholars.

Overheads for the project were higher than expected.  
The company managed to reduce its overheads significantly.

Her initiative in solving the problem was commendable.  
A successful leader fosters initiative among their team members.

The checker ensured all safety measures were followed.  
During audits, the checker scrutinizes every detail thoroughly.

The foreman supervised the construction site diligently.  
In the factory, the foreman ensures that production stays on schedule.

The company distributed a significant dividend to its shareholders.  
Investors eagerly anticipate news about dividend payments.

His reaction to the criticism was unduly harsh.  
The report was unduly biased towards one side of the argument.